add new EAT section in dbt cloud env page (#3902)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_cloud-environments-info.md

Something to note, Extended Attributes doesn't mask secret values. We recommend avoiding setting secret values to prevent visibility in the text box and logs. 

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/extended-attributes.jpg" width="95%" title="Extended Attributes helps users add profiles.yml attributes to dbt Cloud Environment settings using a free form text box." /> <br />

If you're developing in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud) or [orchestrating job runs](/docs/deploy/deployments), Extended Attributes parses through the provided YAML and extracts the `profiles.yml` attributes. For each individual attribute:

- If the attribute exists in another source (such as your project settings), it will replace its value (like environment-level values) in the profile. It also overrides any custom environment variables.

- If the attribute doesn't exist, it will add the attribute or value pair to the profile. 

The following code is an example of the types of attributes you can add in the **Extended Attributes** text box:

```yaml

> snowflake:

Author: ```suggestion
dbname: jaffle_shop      
schema: dbt_alice      
threads: 4
```

  target: dev
  outputs:
    dev:
      type: snowflake
      dbname: jaffle_shop      
      schema: dbt_alice      

>       threads: 4

Reviewer: That's not a valid example. It should be exactly the following:

```
dbname: jaffle_shop      
schema: dbt_alice      
threads: 4
```

Author: fixed that up, thanks @Fleid !

The **Extended Attributes** text box must contain valid characters only. Any invalid characters will result in an error message. Invalid characters include:

- `/` (forward slash)
- `\` (backslash)
- `$` (dollar sign)
- `!` (exclamation point)
- `@` (at sign)
- `#` (hash) (NEED CONFIRMATION)
- `+` (plus sign)
- `%` (percentage sign)

If you're developing in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud) or [orchestrating job runs](/docs/deploy/deployments), Extended Attributes parses through the provided YAML and extracts the profiles.yml attributes. For each individual attribute:

- If the attribute exists in another source (such as your project settings), it will replace its value in the profile.
- If the attribute doesn't exist, it will add the attribute or value pair to the profile. 

The following code is an example of the types of attributes you can add to the **Extended Attributes** text box:

```yaml
type: postgres      
host: localhost      
user: alice      

> port: 5432      

Reviewer: I would remove those 4 too: type, host, user and port. The support is partial, it will work with certain adapters/deployments and solve awesome scenarios, but we should not encourage it from the doc.

- **Deployment:** determines the branch is cloned during job executions for each environment.

For more info, check out this [FAQ page on this topic](/faqs/Environments/custom-branch-settings)!

### Extended attributes (Beta)

:::important This feature is currently in beta

> Extended Attributes allow users to enter YAML attributes in their Environment settings. It's currently in beta and if you're interested in joining the beta, please contact us -- HOW CAN USES TRY THIS BETA? IF IT'S FEATURE FLAG, HOW DO THEY JOIN THE BETA? DO WE NEED TO ADD A FORM LINK? OR EMAIL?

Reviewer: It will be in public beta, so everybody will have access. You could link to https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-versions/product-lifecycles?

> Extended Attributes allow users to enter YAML attributes in their Environment settings. It's currently in beta and if you're interested in joining the beta, please contact us -- HOW CAN USES TRY THIS BETA? IF IT'S FEATURE FLAG, HOW DO THEY JOIN THE BETA? DO WE NEED TO ADD A FORM LINK? OR EMAIL?

Author: ```suggestion
Extended Attributes is currently in beta for select users and is subject to change.
```

> :::

Reviewer 2: It is a feature-flag enabled beta, users cannot opt in via dbt Experiments. This is because it is an account-level feature. 

I will defer to @Fleid, but the following is my understanding:

We will have a very small, targeted beta -- primarily existing customers who we know will benefit from this (blue shield & a few more). So I don't know that we're doing an open "call for beta" - the hope would be to get it into GA ASAP.

So we may be able to exclude any mention of joining the beta?

> Extended Attributes allows users to enter YAML attributes in their Environment settings. It's currently in beta and if you're interested in getting access to the beta, please contact us -- HOW CAN USES TRY THIS BETA? IF IT'S FEATURE FLAG, HOW DO THEY JOIN THE BETA? DO WE NEED TO ADD A FORM LINK? OR EMAIL?

Author: @Fleid how can users access or join the beta? do we want this 'join beta' sentence/callout?

> Extended Attributes allows users to enter YAML attributes in their Environment settings. It's currently in beta and if you're interested in getting access to the beta, please contact us -- HOW CAN USES TRY THIS BETA? IF IT'S FEATURE FLAG, HOW DO THEY JOIN THE BETA? DO WE NEED TO ADD A FORM LINK? OR EMAIL?

Author: ```suggestion
Extended Attributes allow users to enter YAML attributes in their Environment settings. It's currently in beta and if you're interested in joining the beta, please contact us -- HOW CAN USES TRY THIS BETA? IF IT'S FEATURE FLAG, HOW DO THEY JOIN THE BETA? DO WE NEED TO ADD A FORM LINK? OR EMAIL?
```

Extended Attributes is a text box extension at the environment level that overrides connection or environment credentials. It accepts any attributes accepted by a dbt adapter in its `profiles.yml`. 

However, something to note is that it doesn't mask secret values. We recommend avoiding setting secret values to prevent visibility in the text box and logs.

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/extended-attributes.jpg" width="95%" title="Extended Attributes helps users add profiles.yml attributes to dbt Cloud Environment settings using a free form text box." /> <br />

The **Extended Attributes** text box must contain valid characters only. Any invalid characters will result in an error message. Invalid characters include:

- `/` (forward slash)
- `\` (backslash)
- `$` (dollar sign)
- `!` (exclamation point)
- `@` (at sign)

> - `#` (hash) (NEED CONFIRMATION)

Author: is this right?

Reviewer: I don't think we have any invalid characters at all - like the whole list.

Reviewer: To be confirmed by @ericbaumann

Reviewer 2: Nope, in my testing, we can accept all of those characters! Are you seeing something different? 

![Screenshot 2023-08-11 at 2 20 48 PM](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/24817191/fdc88625-1d8b-4144-8b21-b35e663d90d4)

Reviewer 2: Additionally, the user can save these as strings - in which case, they will need to 'escape' any `\` by replacing it with `\\`

eg --- 
`schema: "/\\$!@#+%"`

will yield the same result as above

Author: hey @ericbaumann , gotcha! i dont have the ff but i got this info from the figma file in [this notion doc](https://www.notion.so/dbtlabs/Extended-Attributes-Landing-Page-7e806506e35b4cb8bce50d425c79d9d8#dacddb17f2cc4e2a833c42a518ce4cd0) which states the invalid characters AND also includes the password attribute

<img width="626" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-14 at 13 52 09" src="https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/ab836321-6693-4f73-b679-bebbb23b7632">
<img width="623" alt="Screenshot 2023-08-14 at 13 52 14" src="https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/5f9b0fe1-96bd-406a-a8b2-07027187a444">

Reviewer 2: Thanks for removing `password`! I could see a scenario where we might get ourselves into hot water security-compliance-wise for advertising use with secrets without _treating_ them like secrets.

as far as invalid characters go, i _think_ the experience is flexible enough that we don't need to make explicit declarations about it in our docs. What do you think @Fleid?

Reviewer: I would remove lines 62 to 72. Anything valid in YAML (the profile) is valid in the textbox.

- `+` (plus sign)
- `%` (percentage sign)

> If you're developing in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud) or [orchestrating job runs](/docs/deploy/deployments), Extended Attributes parses through the provided YAML and extracts the keys. For each individual key:

Author: ```suggestion
If you're developing in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud) or [orchestrating job runs](/docs/deploy/deployments), Extended Attributes parses through the provided YAML and extracts the profiles.yml attributes. For each individual attribute:
```

> If you're developing in the [dbt Cloud IDE](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud) or [orchestrating job runs](/docs/deploy/deployments), Extended Attributes parses through the provided YAML and extracts the keys. For each individual key:

Author: what does 'keys' mean in this sentence? does it just mean the profiles.yml attributes?

Reviewer: Yes. It's a YAML file, so it's a list of key:value pairs. Keys are also called attributes in a generic fashion

Reviewer 2: yes!

> - If the key exists in another source (such as your project settings), it will replace its value in the profile.

Author: am i right in assuming it'll override project settings? what about custom macros?

Reviewer: Yes, including environment level values, and overrides from any custom environment variables

Reviewer 2: i would love to understand more specifically the kinds of things you're referring to here. 

it will override any `profiles.yml-bound` fields that exist in the connection (project-level) or credentials (environment-level).

Author: oops sorry! ok so i meant [custom databases](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/build/custom-databases)  macros or custom target macros. a custom database is:

>The logical database that dbt models are built into can be configured using the database model configuration. If this configuration is not supplied to a model, then dbt will use the database configured in the active target from your profiles.yml file. If the database configuration is supplied for a model, then dbt will build the model into the configured database.

- If the key doesn't exist, it will add the key or value pair to the profile. 

The following code is an example of the types of attributes you can add to the **Extended Attributes** text box:

```yaml
type: postgres      
host: localhost      
user: alice      

> password: <your_password>      

Reviewer 2: Can we remove the password here given that our recommendation is not to use secret data?

Author: makes sense! i'll add a comment in the figma file, which has the same code (i copied it from there)

> port: 5432      

Reviewer: We should remove the first 5 lines as to not encourage people to do that (type, credentials...) ;)
